in just two months there's been an
amazing transformation Luna and Lily
have grown from helpless little chicks
to near adult barn owls now they're
fluffy down is being pushed out by
proper flight feathers which marks the
arrival of the biggest milestone in the
young life
now Lunas started using her wings she's
being slightly less cooperative about
her daily weigh-in Luna I know you're
hungry
good now steady go go mad steady steady
good girl I set high you can fly Lunas
very first flight starts with a leap of
faith from the scales and now she's hop
flying every chance she can get leaving
her younger sister to stare in wonder
mastering this new skill doesn't happen
overnight you might have another go
though it's a long process of trial and
error but it's something she must get
right as flight is per hat an hour's
greatest superpower I told you not to go
in the bucket of water Oh get very wet I
don't think you're doing that again in a
hurry
Luna and Lily are still spending the
night in the house now Luna can fly no
where is out of bounds
and her enthusiastic flight practice is
getting her into trouble
good I saw the picture loner but loon is
lucky the house is a relatively safe
place to practice this vital skill
you